Lightning Style. Snake...
...Lightning!
(YELL)
No way!
Mitsuki... But I'm your friend.
(STRUGGLING)
Mit...suki...Wait...
♪♪ (JAPANESE THEME MUSIC)
[SARADA] I wonder why Mitsuki's
not here yet...
He's probably still
crashed out over at his house.
(CHUCKLE) Even so, it's still
unusual for him to be this late.
All right, then...
How 'bout we go to his house and
see what's keeping him?
[MITSUKI] Did I keep you
waiting?
C'mon, Mitsuki! What's the deal?
You're so late!
What's the matter?
It's nothing. I just feel like I
woke up from a bad dream.
And I can't remember
anything about it.
(CHUCKLE)
Seriously...? Mitsuki
actually attacked Boruto?
Yeah. I still can't believe it.
Damn it. And we were so close
to finishing this!
(WORRIED)
Going along with those guys was
truly his "will."
That's what Mitsuki said, right?
Yeah. He was clear about that.
Even when he's unconscious,
he won't let go of Mitsuki's
headband...
You know, Boruto's the one who's
been leading us all this way...
So as long as he's
still unconscious, then...
Where're Cho-Cho and Inojin?
I sent them to search the
area...
for any enemies that might still
be around.
We've left the Land of Fire...
so that means we could be
ambushed at any time, right?
(TENTATIVE PEERING)
(WORRIED)
Listen, you're being way too
nervous!
You've gotta try to keep it
together, here, okay?!
Look, I can't help it!
Not after the battle we just
went through!
(SIGH)
Those shinobi... were
seriously hard to handle.
Yeah, you got that right!
Even the Jonin from the Leaf
were no match for them.
So how are we ever going to be
able to take them on, then?
If we can't, then we just
hightail it out of there!
(STARTLED)
(GROAN)
Hey... what is that?
I've got a really bad feeling
about this...
You think it could be one of
those Akuta...
that Shikadai and the others
fought against?
Well, go on, Inojin! Go check it
out!
Huh?! Why's it have to be me?!
Duh! Because you're a guy!
You're really gonna make a cute
lady go?
Damn it! That's the best excuse
you've got?!
Hey, Sarada... what do you
think we should do now?
I mean, should we keep on going
or turn back?
I'm not sure... Based on what we
saw in the snake's thoughts...
...Mitsuki really was trying to
save the life...
of that gate guard, right?
Yeah... That's just what made me
start to believe...
that Mitsuki truly might be
innocent.
After all, that gate guard did
end up surviving the attack.
But then again, we both heard
Mitsuki himself say...
that he was going to join the
enemy shinobi.
(CONFLICTED)
(DECISIVE SIGH) I think
that...
...maybe it would be best if we
return to the village, then.
But to do what? Just report in?
And risk being punished for
deserting the village?
But if we do keep going...
is there really anything more
that we can do here?
I guess you're right...
Since we're genin, going back is
probably the right thing to do.
Although...I actually think we
should keep going...
to the Land of Earth instead.
What do you mean?
From what I saw of those
Akuta...
it definitely seems that those
guys from the Land of Earth...
are up to something.
That's true, but Jonin from
the Hidden Leaf were taken down!
This is already way beyond what
we can handle...
They strong-armed us...
with no regard for the fact that
we're at peace right now.
I may not know exactly what
they're up to yet...
But right now, we're the
ones...
that're closest to finding
out some answers.
(UNCERTAIN)
(WORRIED) Ah!
(STARTLED)
(CONFUSED)
Damn it Cho-Cho! You know, you
seriously owe me one for this.
(CURIOUS GROWL)
I get what you're saying,
Shikadai-
(SHOCKED YELL)
Stay here and watch Boruto!
Right!
Where's Inojin?
He's over there!
Someone help!
I just hope we're in time!
Hurry up, Cho-Cho! Inojin's
being attacked by an Akuta!
(STRUGGLING)
Uh...
Help me out! This thing just
won't let go of me!
(PLAYFUL GROWL)
Hey! C'mon! Stop it!
Uh...
(STRUGGLING) Let go of
me!
Actually... I don't think that
guy's trying to attack you.
This isn't... quite... how I
remember Akuta being.
I'm just glad it finally let go!
Now let's hurry up and get rid
of it!
I don't feel safe with this
weird thing around.
But just look at the little guy!
I'm starting to feel like
its face is actually kind of...
endearing!
Are you kidding me?!
[INOJIN] There's absolutely
nothing loveable...
in that empty face! Nothing at
all! I mean, honestly!
I was thinking of having it join
us, too.
Not you, too, Shikadai! Come
on! This guy is one of "them!"
Yeah, exactly!
This one's pretty small, but the
other ones we saw earlier...
are really big.
And those ones are even better
fighters than most shinobi are.
You're right, they were really
formidable opponents.
[SHIKADAI] If more of those
things are being made...
then we're gonna have a huge
problem.
We have to gather as much intel
as we can.
But even if it isn't being
aggressive right now...
there's no guarantee it won't
suddenly...
go on a rampage later on.
With Boruto injured, maybe we
should be cautious.
What if one of us watches it for
a while...
and if it stays friendly, we'll
bring it?
If you say so, Shikadai.
Yeah, but... who's gonna be
the one to watch it?
(CHUCKLE)
What?! You mean me?!
Are you serious?!
Well, you were the one who found
it, after all!
And besides, it kinda seems to
like you...
But, I-! C'mon!
(LOVING HUG)
You probably don't know this...
but sharing potato chips is a
sign of friendship.
Nice to meet you.
(ANNOYED)
The hell did you do that for?!
All right, that's it, I'm gonna
turn you back into dirt now!
Stop! Calm down, Cho-Cho!
Hey, come on! That's enough.
Seriously? I have to
take care of this thing?
[SHIKADAI] Hey! You guys just
got done, huh?
Yeah. We actually finished
early...
considering Mitsuki showed
up late.
Mitsuki? You sure that
wasn't you Boruto?
It would make more sense if it
went down that way!
What's that mean?! Mind your
own business, you guys!
(LAUGHTER)
(DISCOMFORT)
What's the matter?
Oh, uh... It's nothing.
But I don't get it...
Why does it hurt?
I can't remember...
[MITSUKI] Forget about it,
Boruto.
Huh?
If you can't remember it...
then it doesn't really matter,
does it?
Yeah...
(SURPRISED)
Hey, what...?
Where'd they go?
[GARAGA] So this is where you
are, brat!
You're not wiggling out of the
deal...
we made at Ryuchi Cave, you
got that?!
Hey, it's you!
[BORUTO] What are you doing
here, Garaga?
Remember how you boasted last
time we met?
You said that you were going to
bring Mitsuki back!
Yeah! That's right, I did!
And we agreed that if you
couldn't... I'd get to eat you.
If you're here about that deal,
then I won.
Mitsuki's here with
me! Look, he's right over there!
[GARAGA] Huh?! You still don't
get it, do you?!
What are you talking about?!
Eh, whatever. I would much
rather eat you...
when you're at
your best, but...
(FRIGHTENED)
Nevermind! I'm hungry, c'mere!
Run, Boruto!
Right!
Slow down, Mitsuki!
What a stupid brat!
(CURIOUS)
(THROWING EFFORT)
Ow, that hurts!
Just go away, would ya?!
(STUNNED AND SAD)
Ugh, that thing...
(GASP)
Hey, why did you do that, huh?!
(PLAYFUL)
(SIGH) All right, I give up...
(CURIOUS)
Okay... Here, go fetch.
(CONFUSED)
Go on! Go and fetch the stick!
What would really be great is if
it never came back...
(CURIOUS) Hm?
(OFFERING)
(SHOCKED)
Hey, that's my scroll! Just -
when did you take that?!
(THROWING)
Not cool! Don't do that!
(CURIOUS)
Stop copying me!
(SIGH) I really wish I'd
never found you, you know that?
(UNCERTAIN)
That's enough! Stop following
me!
(UNCERTAIN)
(CONSIDERING)
Here... How bout you play with
these.
(CURIOUS)
Ninja Art: Super Beast Scroll!
(PLEASANTLY SURPRISED)
(HAPPY PLAYING)
Actually... It is kinda cute,
isn't it?
(PLAYFUL)
Hey, uh... you okay?
So what's the matter?
(ANGRY GROWL)
(SHOCKED DODGING)
Oh, wow! You're like a
super-accurate hunter!
(ANGRY GROWL)
(DETERMINED)
(SWIPING WITH ARMS)
Awesome! Good job!
(DETERMINED GROWL)
No, not that!
Wait! Stop!
(SHOCKED)
That really stings...
I wonder if that rabbit's
okay...
(CURIOUS)
I don't really know if you're
gonna understand this or not...
but...
...life is precious.
(CURIOUS)
You don't get it at all, do you?
(CONSIDERING)
(STRUGGLING)
Wait, Mitsuki! Just hold up!
We can't keep running from
Garaga like this!
(DISCOMFORT)
Damn it!
Why am I...?
There's no reason I should be in
pain...
You okay, Boruto?
Listen... I think that we
should go back to Garaga and-
But Boruto, we don't
have to.
Huh?!
Listen to me, all you have to
do now is stay somewhere safe.
What are you talking
about, Mitsuki?
Right now all you have
to do is keep on running away...
...so no one can hurt
or betray you.
Wait, are you...?
...are you really Mitsuki?
Where am I?
Was that... just a
dream?
Oh, right...
Mitsuki's gone.
(SHOCKED)
I guess this means that you're
finally ready to be my food!
What?! No, just wait! No way
am I gonna die here! Not yet!
[GARAGA] You finally realized,
huh, brat?
So... what were you saying about
Mitsuki?
Just what are you planning to
do?!
(FRUSTRATED)
[GARAGA] Even if you make it out
of here alive...
the only thing waiting for you
is betrayal by your friends.
Deep down,... you know
that's true better than anyone.
(FRUSTRATED)
(SCOFFING CHUCKLE) How
pathetic...
[GARAGA] You created imaginary
friends...
in order to try and protect your
soul.
You don't know a single thing
about me!
Don't talk like you do!
(DISCOMFORT)
Not again!
[GARAGA] (scoffing harrumph)
Don't think you're the only one!
(TAKEN BACK)
When my friends betrayed me...
I tried to run away from the
awful reality of it, too.
(SYMPATHETIC)
But this eye I lost never lets
me forget...
those terrible memories.
Garaga...
[GARAGA] But all you ever did
was run away...
...without learning anything.
And not only that, you tried to
avoid the pain you were feeling.
So in the end... you didn't even
try to learn anything!
(LEAPING)
(DISCOMFORT)
(HITTING THE GROUND)
(STRUGGLING) Mitsuki...
You don't need that old thing
anymore!
Just throw it away and be done
with it!
You must already know...
what's causing all the pain
you're feeling.
(TAKEN BACK)
Well, it doesn't matter...
'Cause either way, I'm going to
eat you. It's game over, brat!
Wow, how pathetic...
Huh?!
I never thought you'd be the one
who'd make me realize.
What?
But now... thanks to you, I'm
over it.
So thank you, Garaga.
(ANNOYED) You brat...
(WAKING)
(HAPPY INHALE) Thank
goodness...
I was starting to get worried
that you wouldn't wake up!
(GROGGY) Where are we?
[SHIKADAI] We retreated here
after the fight.
Oh, I see.
We got away, but...
we're still really close to the
Land of Earth.
There's no telling when we might
have to fight again.
(CONSIDERING)
[SHIKADAI] I know you just woke
up, but...
Boruto... I wanna hear what
your opinion is.
Do we turn back and go to the
Leaf?
Or keep going after Mitsuki?
You know my mind's already made
up.
I'm gonna...
...go after Mitsuki.
(DISCOMFORT)
(CONCERNED) Boruto!
(STRUGGLING) Oh
man...
Hey, are you sure you're all
right?
(WORRIED) You really wanna go?
Sarada...
I don't wanna believe it-
But after what Mitsuki did to
you...
I feel the exact same way as you
do.
I can't stand the thought...
of Mitsuki going to the Land
of Earth.
Although... I mean, if joining
up with those shinobi...
is truly what he wants to do,
then...
...I don't know, maybe we should
just let him do it.
I know just how much this
hurts...
...but still...
that's all the more reason why
we have to face up to the facts.
But, Boruto!
You saw with your own eyes!
You saw what those guys did to
those Leaf Shinobi.
(SHOCKED)
After seeing all that, can you
really allow Mitsuki...
to go off to the Land of Earth
with them?
I know, but...
I don't want Mitsuki...
...to join up with people who
didn't hesitate...
even when they took down our
comrades.
Even if that's what Mitsuki
wants to do?
That doesn't matter.
(SHOCKED)
If Mitsuki didn't go there of
his own free will...
then we have to rescue him and
bring him back!
If Mitsuki's going down
the wrong path...
I'm gonna drag him back even if
I have to kick his ass to do it!
(DETERMINED)
Because that's what real friends
do.
No matter what, I'm gonna
return this headband to him...
...to my friend.
You mean "our" friend, don't
you?
(CHUCKLE) Yeah. Thank you,
Sarada.
So what're you going to do with
that guy?
I'd like to bring it back as
proof the Akuta exist...
but if it's risky, we should...
(CURIOUS)
If it's for proof, then do we
really have a choice?
It's quite a rascal, though...
(CONFUSED)
I see...
We'll be in the Land of Earth,
once we cross this, huh?
Yeah, that's right.
We're gonna be walking right
into the lion's den.
I guess we'll have to be extra
cautious, then?
Well, Boruto, from here on
out, we're all in this together.
We've decided to follow you,
wherever that leads.
(AFFIRMATIVE)
However, there's no telling
what's going to be waiting
for us up ahead.
You have a plan to increase our
odds?
Yeah. It's old man Ohnoki of
the Stone.
I'm sure he'll lend us a
hand.
That's right! The Third
Tsuchikage...!
If you ever find yourselves in
the Land of Earth...
I hope you'll pay me a visit.
Wait for me, Mitsuki. This
time...
I'm coming to bring you
back home for sure!
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS)
[SARADA] So that's the Hidden
Stone, huh?
I can't believe that we're
finally here!
[SHIKADAI] Back when we left the
Leaf...
I never imagined that we'd
end up going to another village.
[SHIKADAI] But I guess we're
fully committed...
to this plan now, Boruto!
[BORUTO] Yeah! Now, first we've
gotta find Old Man Ohnoki!
[BORUTO] I'm sure he'll be able
to help us out!
Next time on "Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations..."
"Infiltrating the Hidden Stone
Village"
[BORUTO] Come on! Let's get
going!